README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/graphs/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/network/members"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p><br />

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53148314/194872467-827dc967-acee-4bca-88a2-59ed5695bebf.png" height="125"></a>
  <h3 align="center">nArchitecture RentACar Project
</h3>
  <p align="center">
    <!-- PROJECT_DESCRIPTION -->
    <!-- <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br /> -->
    <!-- <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject">View Demo</a>
    · -->
    <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

## 💻 About The Project

As Kodlama.io, we decided to share examples of completed projects. Inspired by Clean Architecture, nArchitecture is a monolith project. In this project, which is a rental car simulation, we have completed the project with advanced techniques. A project has been created that includes Clean Architecture, CQRS, Advanced Repository, Dynamic Querying, JWT, OTP, Google & Microsoft Auth, Role Based Management, Distributed Caching(Redis), Logging (Serilog), Elastic Search, and much more. By contributing, you can support the project and learn new things.

### Built With

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET%20Core-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white)](https://learn.microsoft.com/tr-tr/dotnet/welcome)

## ⚙️ Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

- .NET 7

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject.git
   ```
2. Configure `appsettings.json` in WebAPI.
3. Run `Update-Database` command with Package Manager Console in WebAPI to create tables in sql server.

## 🚀 Usage

1. Run example WebAPI project `dotnet run --project src\rentACar\WebAPI`

### Analysis

1. If not, Install dotnet tool `dotnet tool restore`.
2. Run anaylsis command `dotnet roslynator analyze`

### Format

1. If not, Install dotnet tool `dotnet tool restore`.
2. Run format command `dotnet csharpier .`

## 🚧 Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b <feature>/<amazingFeature>'`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m '<semanticCommitType>(<scope>): <amazingFeature>'`)
   💡 Check [Semantic Commit Messages](./docs/Semantic%20Commit%20Messages.md)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin <feature>/<amazingFeature>`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## ⚖️ License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## 📧 Contact

**Project Link:** [https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject](https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject)

<!-- ## 🙏 Acknowledgements
- []() -->

<!-- readme template author: https://github.com/ahmet-cetinkaya-core -->

Commit message:

chore(core): update CorePackages submodule

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/graphs/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/network/members"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p><br />

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53148314/194872467-827dc967-acee-4bca-88a2-59ed5695bebf.png" height="125"></a>
  <h3 align="center">nArchitecture RentACar Project
</h3>
  <p align="center">
    <!-- PROJECT_DESCRIPTION -->
    <!-- <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br /> -->
    <!-- <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject">View Demo</a>
    · -->
    <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

## 💻 About The Project

As Kodlama.io, we decided to share examples of completed projects. Inspired by Clean Architecture, nArchitecture is a monolith project. In this project, which is a rental car simulation, we have completed the project with advanced techniques. A project has been created that includes Clean Architecture, CQRS, Advanced Repository, Dynamic Querying, JWT, OTP, Google & Microsoft Auth, Role Based Management, Distributed Caching(Redis), Logging (Serilog), Elastic Search, and much more. By contributing, you can support the project and learn new things.

### Built With

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET%20Core-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white)](https://learn.microsoft.com/tr-tr/dotnet/welcome)

## ⚙️ Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

- .NET 7

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject.git
   ```
2. Configure `appsettings.json` in WebAPI.
3. Run `Update-Database` command with Package Manager Console in WebAPI to create tables in sql server.

- Run the following command to update submodules
  ```sh
   git submodule update --remote
   ```

## 🚀 Usage

1. Run example WebAPI project `dotnet run --project src\rentACar\WebAPI`

### Analysis

1. If not, Install dotnet tool `dotnet tool restore`.
2. Run anaylsis command `dotnet roslynator analyze`

### Format

1. If not, Install dotnet tool `dotnet tool restore`.
2. Run format command `dotnet csharpier .`

## 🚧 Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b <feature>/<amazingFeature>'`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m '<semanticCommitType>(<scope>): <amazingFeature>'`)
   💡 Check [Semantic Commit Messages](./docs/Semantic%20Commit%20Messages.md)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin <feature>/<amazingFeature>`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## ⚖️ License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## 📧 Contact

**Project Link:** [https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject](https://github.com/kodlamaio-projects/nArchitecture.RentACarProject)

<!-- ## 🙏 Acknowledgements
- []() -->

<!-- readme template author: https://github.com/ahmet-cetinkaya-core -->
